Feature/magento 5.1 release updates (#64)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/backend/installing-magento2.md

Installing DEITY Magento 2 Module is similar to installing any module for the Magento 2 platform

```bash
composer require deity/falcon-magento ^5.1.0
bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

> Configure magento to use web server rewrites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Magento to use web-server rewrites.
```

> You can do it from magento admin in `Configuration->General->Web->Search Engine Optimization`. Or by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do it from Magento admin in `Configuration->General->Web->Search Engine Optimization`. Or by running this command:
```

```bash
bin/magento config:set web/seo/use_rewrites 1
```
Clean Magento cache for changes to take effect.

> #### Configure Falcon server URL's in magento admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure Falcon server URL in Magento admin
```
?

> In Magento configuratio page (`Stores->Configuration`) go to `Services->Falcon` section.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Magento configuration page (`Stores->Configuration`) go to `Services->Falcon` section.

```

> Here you should configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you should configure:
```

1. `Falcon frontend url` - base url of your falcon-driven website. It is used by API's that feed content with url's for proper url replacement.

> 2. `Url to flush cache on Falcon Server` - magento will call this url to flush falcon cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `Url to flush cache on Falcon Server` - Magento will call this URL to flush falcon cache.
```

> > Note: You can configure this url in [Falcon-Server config](falcon-server/caching.md#rest-endpoint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Note: You can configure this URL via [Falcon-Server config](falcon-server/caching.md#rest-endpoint)
```

#### Connect Falcon to your Magento instance with admin token

> To connect magento using [admin token](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/get-started/authentication/gs-authentication-token.html#admin-and-customer-access-tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect Magento using [admin token](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/get-started/authentication/gs-authentication-token.html#admin-and-customer-access-tokens)
```

> create one extra magento admin user for DEITY Falcon to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create one extra Magento admin user for DEITY Falcon to connect.
```
